hi to all and welcome to pixmania you are looking for a safe device
you found it a stainless steel case did in the
latest technological innovations
a few years ago you are not offered with 8 6 310 traces
this last-born of the range more offers to the user building a device
complete the works are hostile to a dim light and the full hd video sound
100% cashmere interface no breakthrough beautiful 10-centimeter screen
with the broadest no doubt the judges this mode of shooting varied
control in the same video he added your creativity your thing
smoke half time
digic processor 4 the 12 megapixel sensor 12 are the keystone of
this device
taking advantage of the passage this system there are plenty of good results even by
low light
day and night indoors and outdoors
the insee that these optical blocks the ixus 300 hs the story of an objective
wide-angle with other titles katy perry some 4 3
with a constant opening of course
the shots appear a speed allowed without risk
the same team this camera a full hd video mode with w sictom
stereo recording and image stabilization that does not contribute
not the very good rendering of your videos
several modes of shooting are proposed you find the usual
marseille but also notes of originals
as does israel and artp positions
or the net package asp
cidadela pictures a retro side
because of my recovery activity 310 aspet declines in different
colors choose yours cut off head high as ever
thank you for choosing this video is to have everything said that I propose I remain
with us there is nothing left flap
in any conventional way